For you, what do you have, brother?
I'm really no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
You are my student yourself
I remind you
On the show, you are the only one who can't afford it
Now it’s time to get up next time
He will accompany him to fight with Wang next time
Since I dare to return my hand to you, you
Not a teacher
What do you think you are
It doesn't matter who he is
Just take off your belly